Use note formatting for link to hotfix wiki (#5884)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/tools/sdk/release-notes/index.md

This page links to announcements and release notes for
releases to the stable channel.

> {{site.alert.note}} For information about bug-fix releases see
> [Hotfixes to the Stable Channel][]. {{site.alert.end}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.alert.note}}
  For information about bug-fix releases, see
  [Hotfixes to the Stable Channel][] on the Flutter wiki.
{{site.alert.end}}
```

[1.7.8]: release-notes/release-notes-1.7.8
[1.5.4]: release-notes/release-notes-1.5.4
[1.2.1]: release-notes/release-notes-1.2.1

> [Hotfixes to the Stable Channel]: https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Hotfixes-to-the-Stable-Channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hotfixes to the Stable Channel]: {{site.github}}/flutter/flutter/wiki/Hotfixes-to-the-Stable-Channel
```
